readme.md, before:

# My Artic life
# Leave The City Behind

This project has two basic aspects: 
__Experimental__
__Environmental__

1. Experimental
The site intends to find an alternative for people living in urban areas to spend their holidays or change their lifestyles. The focus is to make them experience a very simple or even primitive way of living in periods of a lifetime, compromise their comfort, and find a way to make them content about those choices. 

2. Environmental
The right, meaningful and explanatory guidance should help the target group of people attain a stronger relationship and understanding to nature materially so crucial to their comfort zones wrapped in the city life. Their overall attitude should reach more understanding through participation and a careful approach to living in one of the last pristine natural environments left.

## Wireframes




[Wireframe Home](https://ianlunn.github.io/Hover/)
[Wireframe Why Arctic?](https://ianlunn.github.io/Hover/)
[Wireframe Life](https://ianlunn.github.io/Hover/)
[Wireframe Join-me](https://ianlunn.github.io/Hover/)




## Features

### Existing Features

- __Navigation Bar__
    - The navigation menu is identically featured on all four pages of the site.  It contains responsive links to all of the pages without reverting from any actual page to the home page. 
    - [Hover effect](https://ianlunn.github.io/Hover/) .hvr-radial-out" was used by inserting [external cdnjs library](https://cdnjs.com/libraries/hover.css/2.1.1) stylesheet in <head> element. The shade of green associates the main theme of the site.

![Navbar image navbar.jpg](https://github.com/lucyrush/readme-template/blob/master/media/love_running_nav.png)

- __The landing page image__
    - The main image is chosen to be the background of every page covering the whole viewport. The idea is subtle, with a dramatic arctic mountain landscape fading to the shades of black at the bottom of the page in color balance to the main heading My Arctic Life and abstract door opening with the subheading Leave The City Behind.

![Landing page Image image background-main.jpg](https://github.com/lucyrush/readme-template/blob/master/media/love_running_nav.png)

- __Carousel section__
    - The Bootstrap based carousel section contains a slideshow of few images related to the guide's life presented on the site.

![Carousel section Image image carousel.jpg](https://github.com/lucyrush/readme-template/blob/master/media/love_running_nav.png) 

- __Footer__
    - The footer links users to relevant social media where they might potentially find more up-to-date information about the guide's life. The hover effect uses site-related green color background transition.  
    - The copyright text at the bottom of the footer is mainly to protect one of the photographers and her work provided solely for this site.

![Footer Image image footer.jpg](https://github.com/lucyrush/readme-template/blob/master/media/love_running_nav.png)    

- __"Back to top" button__
    - The button is set on page Why Arctic?, Life and Join-me! and active only on resolution max 575px right between the main page section and footer. It is linked to the top of the current page and helps users avoid inconvenient UX scrolling. 

![Back to top button Image back-to-top.jpg](https://github.com/lucyrush/readme-template/blob/master/media/love_running_nav.png)

- __Why Arctic? page__
    - Provides user understanding for guide's motives of relocation to the far north. Those might be closely common for a target group of potential participants.

![Back to top button Image why-arctic.jpg](https://github.com/lucyrush/readme-template/blob/master/media/love_running_nav.png) 

- __Life page__
    - Gives users insights about possibilities and real-life example events and experiences in two major seasons: winter and summer. 

![Life-guide Image life-guide.jpg](https://github.com/lucyrush/readme-template/blob/master/media/love_running_nav.png)
![Life-winter Image life-winter.jpg](https://github.com/lucyrush/readme-template/blob/master/media/love_running_nav.png)
![Life-summer Image life-summer.jpg](https://github.com/lucyrush/readme-template/blob/master/media/love_running_nav.png)

- __Join-me! page__
    - Provides form application to users interested in experiencing a short period stay in a remote uninhabited arctic area, learning new things and outdoor life respecting environment and diversity in nature.

![Life-summer Image join-me-to-arctic.jpg](https://github.com/lucyrush/readme-template/blob/master/media/love_running_nav.png)

Commit message:

Edit links to Features in readme.md

readme.md, after:

# My Artic life

This project has two basic aspects: 
* __Experimental__
* __Environmental__

1. Experimental
The site intends to find an alternative for people living in urban areas to spend their holidays or change their lifestyles. The focus is to make them experience a very simple or even primitive way of living in periods of a lifetime, compromise their comfort, and find a way to make them content about those choices. 

2. Environmental
The right, meaningful and explanatory guidance should help the target group of people attain a stronger relationship and understanding to nature materially so crucial to their comfort zones wrapped in the city life. Their overall attitude should reach more understanding through participation and a careful approach to living in one of the last pristine natural environments left.

## Wireframes
- Links to wireframes bellow show the basic structure of each page on mobile device, tablet and laptop. 

1. [Wireframe Home](https://github.com/JakubKocerha/milestonep1-my-arctic-life/blob/master/readme-media/page1-project1mainhome.png)
2. [Wireframe Why Arctic?](https://github.com/JakubKocerha/milestonep1-my-arctic-life/blob/master/readme-media/page2-projec1twhyarctic.png)
3. [Wireframe Life](https://github.com/JakubKocerha/milestonep1-my-arctic-life/blob/master/readme-media/page3-project1life.png)
4. [Wireframe Join-me](https://github.com/JakubKocerha/milestonep1-my-arctic-life/blob/master/readme-media/page4-project1joinme.png)




## Features

### Existing Features

- __Navigation Bar__
    - The navigation menu is identically featured on all four pages of the site.  It contains responsive links to all of the pages without reverting from any actual page to the home page. 
    - [Hover effect](https://ianlunn.github.io/Hover/) .hvr-radial-out" was used by inserting [external cdnjs library](https://cdnjs.com/libraries/hover.css/2.1.1) stylesheet in <head> element. The shade of green associates the main theme of the site.

![Nav bar](https://github.com/JakubKocerha/milestonep1-my-arctic-life/blob/master/readme-media/navbar.jpg)

- __The landing page image__
    - The main image is chosen to be the background of every page covering the whole viewport. The idea is subtle, with a dramatic arctic mountain landscape fading to the shades of black at the bottom of the page in color balance to the main heading My Arctic Life and abstract door opening with the subheading Leave The City Behind.

![Landing page](https://github.com/JakubKocerha/milestonep1-my-arctic-life/blob/master/readme-media/background-main.jpg)

- __Carousel section__
    - The Bootstrap based carousel section contains a slideshow of few images related to the guide's life presented on the site.

![Carousel section](https://github.com/JakubKocerha/milestonep1-my-arctic-life/blob/master/readme-media/carousel.jpg) 

- __Footer__
    - The footer links users to relevant social media where they might potentially find more up-to-date information about the guide's life. The hover effect uses site-related green color background transition.  
    - The copyright text at the bottom of the footer is mainly to protect one of the photographers and her work provided solely for this site.

![Footer](https://github.com/JakubKocerha/milestonep1-my-arctic-life/blob/master/readme-media/footer.jpg)    

- __"Back to top" button__
    - The button is set on page Why Arctic?, Life and Join-me! and active only on resolution max 575px right between the main page section and footer. It is linked to the top of the current page and helps users avoid inconvenient UX scrolling. 

![Back to top button](https://github.com/JakubKocerha/milestonep1-my-arctic-life/blob/master/readme-media/back-to-top.jpg)

- __Why Arctic page__
    - Provides user understanding for guide's motives of relocation to the far north. Those might be closely common for a target group of potential participants.

![Back to top button Image why-arctic.jpg](https://github.com/lucyrush/readme-template/blob/master/media/love_running_nav.png) 

- __Life page__
    - Gives users insights about possibilities and real-life example events and experiences in two major seasons: winter and summer. Bootstrap cards applied on the page have buttons with relevant external links. 

![Life-guide](https://github.com/JakubKocerha/milestonep1-my-arctic-life/blob/master/readme-media/life-guide.jpg)
![Life-winter](https://github.com/JakubKocerha/milestonep1-my-arctic-life/blob/master/readme-media/life-winter.jpg)
![Life-summer](https://github.com/JakubKocerha/milestonep1-my-arctic-life/blob/master/readme-media/life-summer.jpg)

- __Join-me page__
    - Provides form application to users interested in experiencing a short period stay in a remote uninhabited arctic area, learning new things and outdoor life respecting environment and diversity in nature.

![Join-me](https://github.com/JakubKocerha/milestonep1-my-arctic-life/blob/master/readme-media/join-me-to-arctic.jpg)
